Banking Customer and Savings Account Synthetic Data
This project focuses on creating and analyzing a synthetic dataset for banking customers and their savings accounts. It demonstrates data generation, preprocessing, and analysis using R, employing tools like dplyr, ggplot2, and lubridate for efficient data manipulation.

Overview
The project replicates realistic data for a fictional bank to study customer demographics and account details. Two datasets are generated:
	1	Customer Dataset: Includes details like customer IDs, names, gender, age, education, profession, salary, and addresses.
	2	Savings Account Dataset: Contains account numbers, opening dates, current balances, and interest values.
The datasets are merged to simulate real-world relationships between customers and their savings accounts.

Key Features
	•	Synthetic Data Generation: Random sampling and real-world data sources are used to create realistic customer and account details.
	•	Data Preprocessing: Includes type conversion, missing value imputation, and correlation analysis.
	•	Data Analysis: Summary statistics and visualizations are produced to explore salary distributions and relationships with education and professions.

Workflow
1. Data Generation
	•	Customer Data: Combines popular first names and surnames to create unique names, sampled from online sources.
	•	Account Data: Generates savings account balances, monthly salaries, and interest rates based on predefined rules and realistic assumptions.
2. Data Cleaning
	•	Converts columns to appropriate types.
	•	Handles missing values with imputation methods like the median.
3. Data Analysis
	•	Produces summary statistics and correlation matrices.
	•	Visualizes relationships between education levels, professions, and salary distributions using ggplot2.
